# # WebhooksSpecificationFilters

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**change_types** | **string[]** | Only generate payloads that contain changes of these types. | [optional]
**data_types** | **string[]** | Only generate payloads that contain changes affecting objects of these types.  - &#x60;tableData&#x60;: record and cell value changes - &#x60;tableFields&#x60;: field changes - &#x60;tableMetadata&#x60;: table name and description changes |
**from_sources** | **string[]** | Only generate payloads for changes from these sources. If omitted, changes from all sources are reported.   - &#x60;client&#x60;: changes generated by a user through the web or mobile clients  - &#x60;publicApi&#x60;: changes generated through the Airtable API  - &#x60;formSubmission&#x60;: changes generated when a form _view_ is submitted  - &#x60;formPageSubmission&#x60;: changes generated when an _interface_ form builder page, form layout page, or record creation button page is submitted  - &#x60;automation&#x60;: changes generated through an automation action  - &#x60;system&#x60;: changes generated by system events, such as processing time function formulas  - &#x60;sync&#x60;: changes generated through Airtable Sync | [optional]
**record_change_scope** | **string** | Only generate payloads for changes in the specified TableId or ViewId.  &#x60;Warning&#x60;: [Form view](https://support.airtable.com/v1/docs/form-view) and [List view](https://support.airtable.com/v1/docs/list-view) are currently not supported. | [optional]
**source_options** | [**\Ez128\Airtable\Model\WebhooksSpecificationFiltersSourceOptions**](WebhooksSpecificationFiltersSourceOptions.md) |  | [optional]
**watch_data_in_field_ids** | **string[]** | Only generate payloads for changes that modify values in cells in these fields. If omitted, all fields within the table/view/base are watched.  &#x60;Warning&#x60;: If fields are specified and one of the specified fields are deleted, the webhook will generate an error payload and the webhook will go into an error state and payloads will no longer be generated. More information about the error reponse is available in [Webhooks payload](/api/model/webhooks-payload). | [optional]
**watch_schemas_of_field_ids** | **string[]** | Only generate payloads for changes that modify the schemas of these fields. If omitted, schemas of all fields within the table/view/base are watched.  &#x60;Warning&#x60;: If fields are specified and one of the specified fields are deleted, the webhook will generate an error payload and the webhook will go into an error state and payloads will no longer be generated. More information about the error reponse is available in [Webhooks payload](/api/model/webhooks-payload). | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
